Fix/2759 1.x query api (#2841)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/api/influxdb-1x/_index.md

- [Basic authentication](#basic-authentication)
- [Query string authentication](#query-string-authentication)

##### Manage credentials

Username and password schemes require the following credentials:
- **username**: InfluxDB Cloud username
- **password**: InfluxDB Cloud [authentication token](/influxdb/cloud/security/tokens/)

#### Basic authentication
Use Basic authentication to provide username and password credentials to InfluxDB.

{{% api/v1-compat/basic-auth-syntax %}}

##### Syntax
```sh
Authorization: Basic <username>:<password>
```

##### Example

{{< code-tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[curl](#curl)
[Node.js](#nodejs)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```sh
{{% get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/basic-auth.sh" %}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```js
{{% get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/cloud/basic-auth.js" %}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}

#### Query string authentication
Use InfluxDB 1.x API parameters to provide username and password credentials through the query string.

> {{% note %}}
> ##### Using query string parameters
> 
> * URL-encode query parameters that may contain whitespace or other special characters.
> 
> * Be aware of the <a href="https://owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/Information_exposure_through_query_strings_in_url">risks</a> when exposing sensitive data through URLs.
> {{% /note %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
##### Consider when using query string parameters

- URL-encode query parameters that may contain whitespace or other special characters.
- Be aware of the [risks](https://owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/Information_exposure_through_query_strings_in_url) when exposing sensitive data through URLs.
{{% /note %}}
```
